[MUSIC]
A UNICEF CONTRIBUTION
OF 13 CENTS
WILL FEED A CHILD
FOR A MONTH."
MAN, LIVING IN AFRICA
MUST BE GREAT.
EVERYTHING'S SO CHEAP.
IF YOU ASK ME, MAN,
UNICEF'S A SCAM.
IF WE ASK YOU,
EVERYTHING'S A SCAM.
EVERYTHING IS A SCAM.
OH, LIGHTEN UP.
REMEMBER HOW MUCH FUN
HALLOWEEN USED TO BE?
MAKING COSTUMES,
TRICK-OR-TREATING.
WHAT IS
TRICK-OR-TREATING?
WELL, YOU PUT ON A COSTUME,
YOU GO DOOR-TO-DOOR
AND SAY, "TRICK OR TREAT,"
AND PEOPLE GIVE YOU CANDY.
OH, YOU GOT TO BE
KIDDING ME.
THEY JUST
GIVE YOU CANDY?
THE BEST PART OF HALLOWEEN
IS GETTING THE CRAP
SCARED OUT OF YOU.
ONE YEAR I SAW
THE LEGEND OF SLEEPY HOLLOW,
I COULDN'T SLEEP
FOR, LIKE, A MONTH.
THEY GIVE YOU CANDY?
JUST LIKE THAT?
NO STRINGS?
YES, FEZ.
GET OVER IT.
HEY, YOU GUYS,
YOU KNOW WHAT?
MY CHURCH IS DOING
A HAUNTED HOUSE.
I REALLY DON'T THINK
ANYONE'S GONNA BE SCARED
BY A BUNCH OF EPISCOPALIANS.
UNLESS THEY HAVE
CHAINSAWS.
LET'S GO SEE THE TEXAS
CHAINSAW MASSACRE.
MICHAEL, I TOLD YOU,
I DON'T LIKE TEXANS.
I KNOW.
WE COULD GO TO OLD MAIN.
OUR OLD GRAMMAR SCHOOL?
YEAH, SURE, YOU KNOW.
A DARK, BURNT-OUT,
BOARDED-UP SCHOOL.
VERY CREEPY.
WE COULD... YOU KNOW,
WE COULD TELL GHOST STORIES.
FREE CANDY?
EVEN IF YOU'RE NOT
FROM THIS COUNTRY?
YES!
HEY, WHY'D THEY
BURN DOWN THE SCHOOL, ANYWAY?
OH, THEY SAID
IT WAS ARSON.
WHAT? I WAS OUT OF TOWN
THAT WEEK.
HMM.
HOW CONVENIENT.
SO YOU'RE TELLING ME...
THAT IF I SHOW UP
AT SOMEONE'S HOUSE
AND SAY "TRICK OR TREAT,"
THEY'LL GIVE ME
A FREE PIECE OF CANDY?
All: YES!
OH, I DON'T BELIEVE YOU.
[DOORBELL RINGS]
TRICK OR TREAT.
AN APPLE?
WHERE'S MY CANDY,
YOU SON OF A BITCH?
CAPTIONING MADE POSSIBLE BY
CARSEY-WERNER PRODUCTIONS
AND FOX BROADCASTING COMPANY
♪ HANGIN' OUT ♪
♪ DOWN THE STREET ♪
♪ THE SAME OLD THING ♪
♪ WE DID LAST WEEK ♪
♪ NOT A THING TO DO ♪
♪ BUT TALK TO YOU ♪
♪ WE'RE ALL ALL RIGHT ♪
HELLO, WISCONSIN!
Woman in movie: AAAAH!
OH, SHE'S VERY GOOD.
I LIKE HER.
I HOPE SHE LIVES.
Woman: AAAAHH!
HUH.
OH, WELL.
WELL, WHY DOESN'T ANYONE
JUST SHOOT HIM?
I MEAN, IT'S TEXAS.
EVERYONE HAS A GUN.
YEAH, YEAH.
THIS MOVIE'S SO LAME.
MAN, SHE DESERVED IT.
SHE HAD SEX.
AND LIKE ALL MOVIE SLUTS
BEFORE HER, SHE MUST DIE.
Woman: AAAAAHH!
NO. SHE WAS ABOUT TO
TAKE HER SHIRT OFF.
Kids: TRICK OR TREAT!
HA HA HA HA!
OKAY, HERE YOU GO.
MMM!
RAISINS!
EEW! EEW! EEW!
NO, RAISINS
ARE GOOD FOR YOU.
RAISINS ARE NATURE'S CANDY.
EGGS ARE NATURE'S
HAND GRENADES.
KITTY, DON'T GIVE THEM
RAISINS.
IT JUST PISSES THEM OFF.
JEEZ, I HATE HALLOWEEN.
WELL, YOU USED TO LOVE
HALLOWEEN.
REMEMBER THAT PARTY WE HAD
WHEN WE FIRST MOVED IN HERE?
OH. MOTHER FORMAN. HA HA.
I SEE THAT YOU
LET YOURSELF IN AGAIN.
BOY, THAT'S
AN AWFUL LOT OF FOOD.
I CAN'T IMAGINE THAT YOU HAVE
THAT MANY FRIENDS, KITTY.
OH.
WELL, SPEAKING OF FRIENDS,
HOW ARE YOUR 4 CATS?
HEY, FRANK, UH,
PULL MY FINGER.
NO WAY.
YOU WERE KILLIN' ME
IN THE CAR, MAN.
HA HA HA HA!
OH, GOOD, YOU'RE HOME.
HEY, KITTY.
I LIKE YOUR OUTFIT.
YOU'RE A KITTY.
YES, I AM, FRANK.
AND WHAT ARE YOU?
A BUM.
I'M A BUM!
AND I KNEW THAT.
HA HA HA HA!
RED, HONEY, UM...
I... I... I COULD
USE SOME HELP HERE.
LOOK, UM...
GEE, KITTY,
I'D REALLY LIKE
TO HELP YOU OUT,
BUT WE GOTTA TAKE THESE OUT
TO THE GARAGE AND GET PLOWED!
HE IS SUCH A GOOD BOY.
[RING]
HELLO.
OH, HI, DR. FARRELL.
HMM.
[CHUCKLES]
REALLY?
OH, MY GOD.
OHH!
OH! THANK YOU.
THANK YOU, DOCTOR.
[LAUGHING]
YEAH. THANK YOU.
WRONG NUMBER.
OH, GOD, NO!
YOU'RE PREGNANT.
YES, I AM.
DO YOU KNOW
WHO THE FATHER IS?
YOU KNOW WHAT
I HEAR IS NICE?
FLORIDA.
LOOK AT THIS DUMP.
NO WONDER HYDE
TRIED TO BURN IT DOWN.
YOU KNOW, FEZ,
A MAN DIED IN THAT FIRE.
A GYM TEACHER.
COACH...
SMITH.
SOME SAY HIS SPECTER
STILL ROAMS THE HALLS
TO THIS DAY.
[GHOSTLY VOICE]
TAKE A LA-A-A-P...
GIVE ME 20.
WALK IT OF-F-F-F...
ALL RIGHT, GUYS,
LET'S JUST CUT IT OUT, OKAY?
YOU'RE SCARING THE WOMEN.
[WINDOW BANGS]
OUT OF MY WAY!
KELSO,
IT WAS THE WINDOW.
YEAH, I KNEW THAT.
OUT OF MY WAY?!
NO, I DIDN'T SAY THAT.
YES, YOU DID, JUST BEFORE
YOU KNOCKED HER OVER.
NO. I... I WAS
PROTECTING YOU.
PROTECTING ME?
YEAH. I WAS TRYING
TO DRAW THE GHOSTS
AWAY FROM YOU.
GHOSTS ARE ATTRACTED
TO MOVEMENT.
THAT'S A SCIENTIFIC
FACT.
YOU KNOW WHAT?
I DON'T CARE.
YOU'RE AN IDIOT,
AND SCIENCE IS STUPID!
DONNA, LET'S GO.
GEE, WONDER WHAT
WE'RE GONNA TALK ABOUT.
YOU'RE DO-O-O-MED.
GOD, I CAN'T BELIEVE
MICHAEL PUSHED ME
OUT OF THE WAY LIKE THAT.
ME NEITHER.
I FIGURED HE'D USE YOU
AS A HUMAN SHIELD.
DONNA, THE MOST NOBLE THING
A MAN CAN DO
IS LAY DOWN HIS LIFE
FOR THE WOMAN HE LOVES.
IDEALLY, WHILE SHE'S STILL
YOUNG AND CAN REMARRY.
DO YOU KNOW
WHO PROTECTED ME THERE?
FEZ.
WELL, HE HAD TO.
HE'S BATMAN.
AND THE MAN SAID...
HERE'S YOUR DAUGHTER'S
SWEATER.
SHE LEFT IT
IN MY CAR LAST NIGHT."
AND THE WOMAN SAID...
WHY, THAT'S IMPOSSIBLE.
MY DAUGHTER DIED
10 YEARS AGO...
WEARING THAT...
VERY...
SWEATER."
SO?
SO, SHE WAS DEAD.
AND...
HE GAVE HER A RIDE.
AND SHE WAS DEAD!
WHEN I WAS 6,
THE MAYOR OF OUR TOWN
WAS HUNG FROM A TREE.
YOUR STORY
WAS NOT SCARY.
NOT SCARY?
THE GHOST OF A DEAD GIRL
GAVE HIM HER SWEATER.
WHAT DOES A GHOST NEED
WITH A SWEATER, MAN?
MAYBE IT'S TO KEEP HER GUTS
FROM FALLING OUT.
YOU CAN TELL
IT WAS NOT SCARY
BECAUSE MICHAEL-INA HERE...
DID NOT RUN SCREAMING
FOR THE DOOR.
HEY. WHERE IS IT WRITTEN
THAT A GUY HAS TO PROTECT
HIS GIRL? HUH?
AND I'LL HAVE YOU KNOW THAT
THE FEMININE FORM OF MY NAME
IS MICHELLE.
LOOK, MICHELLE...
I DON'T WANT TO COME OUT
IN FAVOR OF SAVING JACKIE,
BUT THAT'S
THE PRICE YOU PAY
FOR DOCKING YOUR LOVE BOAT
IN JACKIE-VALLARTA.
OKAY. SO ICHABOD CRANE
LIVED IN THE VILLAGE
OF SLEEPY HOLLOW...
WAIT, DON'T TELL ME.
HE LEFT HIS JACKET
SOMEWHERE.
OKAY, THAT'S IT.
HALLOWEEN'S OVER.
THERE'S JUST... THERE'S NOTHING
THAT SCARES US ANYMORE.
GUYS, WE FOUND
SOMETHING SCARY.
YEAH, IT WAS IN
THE PRINCIPAL'S OFFICE.
OH, MY GOD.
THOSE LOOK LIKE...
LIKE...
THEY ARE.
OUR PERMANENT RECORDS.
WOW!
UH, YOU KNOW WHAT?
THEY PROBABLY
LEFT THESE HERE
AFTER THE SCHOOL
BURNED DOWN.
HEY.
PINCIOTTI, DONNA.
WELL...
LOOKS LIKE SOMEONE WE KNOW
HAD A REAL HARD TIME
KEEPING THEIR CLOTHES ON
IN KINDERGARTEN.
WHAT?
IT WAS JUST
A STUPID PHASE.
I'M SURE GLAD
THAT'S OVER.
OH, LISTEN TO THIS.
I FEAR THAT DESPITE
STEVEN'S HIGH I.Q.,
HE IS A BORN
TROUBLEMAKER
AND IS DESTINED TO BE
THE SMARTEST MAN..."
IN HIS CELL BLOCK.
WHAT?!
THEY COULDN'T HAVE KNOWN THAT
IN SECOND GRADE.
STEVEN WILLFULLY
AND MALICIOUSLY
DESTROYED
CHRISTINE DEL BUENO'S
SHOE BOX DIORAMA
OF THE 4 FOOD GROUPS."
YOU'RE A MONSTER.
A HORRIBLE,
HORRIBLE MONSTER.
YEAH, REAL FUNNY,
BUT I DIDN'T DO IT.
YOU KNOW WHAT'S
REALLY FUNNY, HYDE?
WHAT, FORMAN?
HEH HEH.
I BROKE THE DIORAMA.
YOU?
[THUNDER]
HERS WAS BETTER
THAN MINE.
I HAD TO SMASH IT.
I LEFT OUT DAIRY.
YOU KNOW, THAT'S WHEN
EVERYBODY TURNED AGAINST ME.
THEY PEGGED ME
AS A BAD KID.
AND ONCE THAT HAPPENS,
YOU'RE LABELED FOREVER.
YOU RUINED MY LIFE, FORMAN.
NO, HE DIDN'T.
HYDE, NO OFFENSE,
BUT WITH AN ALCOHOLIC MOM
AND AN ABSENT DAD,
YOU WERE BOUND TO END UP
IN JAIL SOONER OR LATER.
HYDE, I SAID NO OFFENSE.
YEAH, RIGHT.
LET'S SEE WHAT THAT FILE
SAYS ABOUT YOU, JACKIE.
GO AHEAD. I HAVE
A PERFECT RECORD.
[SNORTING LAUGH]
WOULD ANYBODY LIKE TO KNOW
WHAT JACKIE'S MIDDLE NAME IS?
[PIERCING SHRIEK]
JACKIE'S MIDDLE NAME IS...
NOOO!
[WHACK WHACK WHACK]
AAH!
IT'S BEULAH.
[DOORBELL RINGS]
Kids: TRICK OR TREAT.
HA HA HA HA HA!
OH, YOU LOOK SO CUTE
IN YOUR LITTLE COSTUMES.
ARRRR!
[KIDS SCREAMING]
DAMN, FRANK, THAT'S FUNNY.
LOOK, HE LOST HIS CANDY.
HA HA HA HA!
OH, THAT WAS NOT FUNNY, RED.
THOSE WERE JUST LITTLE KIDS.
WELL, THAT'S WHAT
MAKES IT FUNNY.
WELL, THINK ABOUT IT,
HONEY.
WOULD IT BE FUNNY
IF IT WERE YOUR OWN KIDS?
BUT I DON'T HAVE KIDS.
WELL, YOU MIGHT.
WHAT ARE YOU SAYING?
I'M SAYING...
I'M PREGNANT.
OH, NO!
NO, I MEAN, UH...
OH, CRAP.
YEAH.
OKAY, NOBODY MOVE.
SOMEBODY TOOK MY LAST BOX
OF SUGAR BABIES.
OH, NO, WAIT.
I WAS SITTING ON THEM.
GEE, FEZ, YOU DIDN'T
GIVE FORMAN A CHANCE
TO PIN IT ON ME.
I DIDN'T PIN
ANYTHING ON YOU.
NO?
WELL, WHEN MRS. HODGKISS
WAS YELLING AT ME
IN FRONT OF THE WHOLE CLASS,
YOU DIDN'T EXACTLY STEP UP
AND TAKE RESPONSIBILITY.
WHAT WERE YOU THINKING?
HMM. I GUESS I WAS THINKING
I'M 7!
HEY. HEY, HEY!
LET'S NOT FIGHT,
ALL RIGHT?
IT'S HALLOWEEN, MAN.
IT'S TIME FOR PEACE ON EARTH
AND GOOD WILL TOWARDS MEN.
LET'S READ ANOTHER FILE.
YEAH, 'CAUSE THAT'S
WORKING OUT GREAT SO FAR.
ALL RIGHT, FINE. I'LL READ
FROM MY OWN, OKAY?
OH. OKAY.
HERE'S A SECRET YOU GUYS
DON'T KNOW ABOUT ME
BECAUSE IT HAPPENED THE
YEAR BEFORE I MOVED HERE.
WHEN I WAS IN
FIRST GRADE,
I USED TO WEAR THIS
RED CAPE TO SCHOOL
AND PRETEND
I WAS SUPERMAN.
YOU MUST HAVE LOOKED
REALLY STUPID.
WAIT, WAIT, WAIT.
FIRST GRADE?
YEAH.
NO, NO, NO.
WHEN YOU MOVED HERE,
YOU AND I WERE IN FIRST
GRADE. THAT'S HOW WE MET.
NO, WE DIDN'T.
MAN, YOU HAD TO REPEAT
FIRST GRADE?
OH, MY GOD!
MICHAEL,
SAY IT'S NOT TRUE.
IT WAS... IT WAS CURSIVE
WRITING, ALL RIGHT?
ALL THOSE STUPID SQUIGGLES
AND BUMPS.
I WOULDN'T DO IT.
YOU MEAN
YOU COULDN'T DO IT.
NO! I WOULDN'T DO IT!
AND THAT'S WHY
THEY HELD ME BACK.
PLUS, I MIGHT HAVE
KILLED THE CLASS BUNNY.
WHY?!
THAT'S OKAY, KELSO.
LET IT OUT.
I MEAN, IT SUCKED,
YOU KNOW?
LIVING THIS LIE,
PRETENDING TO BE A YEAR
YOUNGER THAN I REALLY AM.
WAIT A MINUTE.
YOU'RE 18?
YEAH.
I MEAN...
THAT'S WHY I'VE ALWAYS
SEEMED MORE MATURE
THAN YOU GUYS.
ARE YOU TELLING ME
THAT ALL THIS TIME
YOU COULD HAVE BEEN
BUYING US BEER?
YOU BASTARD.
WHAT...
NO!
IT'S NOT
WHAT YOU THINK.
YOU'RE DEAD TO ME.
BUT ERIC
RUINED YOUR LIFE.
AND IF I HAD A BEER, I COULD
BE GETTING OVER IT RIGHT NOW.
BEER!
ALL RIGHT, EVERYBODY,
JUST LEAVE HIM ALONE!
OKAY? BECAUSE
HE MAY BE A LIAR,
BUT AT LEAST HE'S NOT
A BACKSTABBER LIKE ERIC.
STAY OUT OF THIS, BEULAH.
OH, DON'T CALL ME THAT.
OH, SORRY...
BEULAH.
FINE.
YOU KNOW WHAT?
DONNA KISSED HYDE
LAST YEAR.
WHAT?!
DON'T MESS WITH ME.
THAT...
THAT'S A LIE.
HYDE KISSED ME.
WELL, THAT IS JUST
SO MUCH BETTER.
HOW... HOW COULD YOU
DO THIS, MAN?
I GUESS I'M JUST
A BORN TROUBLEMAKER.
OR MAYBE YOU
TURNED ME INTO ONE.
YOU ARE SO DEAD, BEULAH.
HEY! LEAVE HER ALONE,
ALL RIGHT?
OKAY. YEAH.
JACKIE TOLD ME
FEZ WAS A BETTER KISSER
THAN YOU, KELSO.
AAH!
HEY. WERE YOU EVER
GONNA TELL ME ABOUT HYDE?
IT HURTS WHEN YOUR FRIENDS
STAB YOU IN THE BACK, DON'T IT?
HOW WOULD I KNOW?!
I HAVE NO FRIENDS!
LET'S GO, PAL!
[ALL ARGUING
AND SHOUTING AT ONCE]
STOP IT!
CAN'T YOU SEE
WHAT IS HAPPENING?
THOSE PERMANENT RECORDS
ARE TEARING US APART.
BATMAN'S RIGHT.
LOOK WHAT WE'VE BECOME.
WE'RE LIKE ANIMALS.
THOSE FILES
ARE EVIL, MAN.
WE'VE GOT TO
DESTROY THEM.
BUT HOW, JACKIE?
HOW?
OH, MY GOD.
NOW MY SUGAR BABIES
REALLY ARE GONE.
KITTY.
I'M REALLY SORRY
ABOUT WHAT I SAID.
YOU MEAN, "OH, NO"
AND "CRAP"?
RIGHT, THAT'S IT.
I'M SORRY. I...
IT'S JUST...
WELL, IT WAS
A BIG SHOCK, YOU KNOW.
IT WAS A REALLY BIG SHOCK
FOR ME, TOO,
AND I SAID, "OH, GOOD"
AND "YAY."
NO, I... I...
I FEEL LIKE THAT, TOO.
IT'S JUST THAT I...
WELL, I...
I NEEDED A MINUTE
FOR IT TO SINK IN.
BUT ONCE IT SUNK IN, I
REALIZED I WAS REALLY HAPPY.
YOU REALLY MEAN THAT?
OF COURSE I DO.
IT'S GONNA BE GREAT.
I CAN'T WAIT
TO BE A FATHER.
HEY, RED!
GREAT NEWS!
I FOUND A WAY
TO DRINK BEER FASTER!
COME ON!
GO HOME, FRANK.
I'M BUSY.
OKAY. YEAH.
OH, WOW.
HA HA.
I THINK YOU'RE MATURING.
WELL...
YOU KNOW,
THE TRUTH IS...
FRANK'S GETTING ON MY
NERVES A LITTLE BIT.
I MEAN, HE'S...
HE'S KIND OF...
HE'S AN ASS.
AND HE'S DUMB.
HE'S A...
[HEAVENLY CHORUS SINGS]
DUMB-ASS.
HEY.
COME HERE.
AND THEN
YOU GAVE BIRTH
TO A BEAUTIFUL
DAUGHTER.
AND THEN ERIC.
WHO IS JUST WONDERFUL.
AND I'VE GROWN UP
A LOT SINCE THEN.
OH, YOU'RE DEAD,
KID!
[WOLF HOWLING]
MICHAEL, I'M COLD.
AND THIS IS STUPID.
WE SHOULD JUST
BURN THE FILES.
JACKIE, THEY'VE ALREADY
BEEN IN A FIRE.
THEY CAN'T BE DESTROYED
THAT WAY.
SEE YOU IN HELL,
PERMANENT RECORDS.
AND WE HAVE TO SWEAR WE'LL
NEVER SPEAK OF THIS EVER AGAIN.
EXCEPT THE PART ABOUT
KELSO BUYING US BEER.
YEAH, NATURALLY.
BUT OTHERWISE, IT'S LIKE THIS
NIGHT NEVER HAPPENED, OKAY?
OKAY.
YEAH.
BEULAH.
NOOO! NOOO! NOOO!
AAH!
MMM.
STOLEN SUGAR BABIES.
CAPTIONING MADE POSSIBLE BY
CARSEY-WERNER PRODUCTIONS
AND FOX BROADCASTING COMPANY